c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\MvcApplication3.dll
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\MvcApplication3.pdb
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\obj\Debug\MvcApplication3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\obj\Debug\MvcApplication3.dll
c:\users\kasidis\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MvcApplication3\MvcApplication3\obj\Debug\MvcApplication3.pdb
